c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Particle Simulator\Particle Simulator\bin\Debug\net8.0\Particle Simulator.exe
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Particle Simulator\Particle Simulator\bin\Debug\net8.0\Particle Simulator.deps.json
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Particle Simulator\Particle Simulator\bin\Debug\net8.0\Particle Simulator.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Particle Simulator\Particle Simulator\bin\Debug\net8.0\Particle Simulator.dll
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Particle Simulator\Particle Simulator\bin\Debug\net8.0\Particle Simulator.pdb
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Particle Simulator\Particle Simulator\bin\Debug\net8.0\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Particle Simulator\Particle Simulator\bin\Debug\net8.0\NVorbis.dll
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Particle Simulator\Particle Simulator\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libopenal.so.1
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Particle Simulator\Particle Simulator\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libopenal.1.dylib
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Particle Simulator\Particle Simulator\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\soft_oal.dll
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Particle Simulator\Particle Simulator\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\soft_oal.dll
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Particle Simulator\Particle Simulator\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Particle Simulator\Particle Simulator\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libSDL2.dylib
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Particle Simulator\Particle Simulator\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\SDL2.dll
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Particle Simulator\Particle Simulator\obj\Debug\net8.0\Particle Simulator.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Particle Simulator\Particle Simulator\obj\Debug\net8.0\Particle Simulator.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Particle Simulator\Particle Simulator\obj\Debug\net8.0\Particle Simulator.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Particle Simulator\Particle Simulator\obj\Debug\net8.0\Particle Simulator.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Particle Simulator\Particle Simulator\obj\Debug\net8.0\Particle Simulator.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Particle Simulator\Particle Simulator\obj\Debug\net8.0\Particle.648921A3.Up2Date
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Particle Simulator\Particle Simulator\obj\Debug\net8.0\Particle Simulator.dll
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Particle Simulator\Particle Simulator\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Particle Simulator.dll
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Particle Simulator\Particle Simulator\obj\Debug\net8.0\Particle Simulator.pdb
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Particle Simulator\Particle Simulator\obj\Debug\net8.0\Particle Simulator.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\oscar\OneDrive\Desktop\C#\Particle Simulator\Particle Simulator\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Particle Simulator.dll
